InterId
=======
 *A Network Platform for Civil Actions*

# Overview
It's all about:
- International ID
- Public Declarations
- Formal Agreements

# Abstract
**InterId** is a network platform designed for users (individuals or legal entities) to register civil actions, such as public declarations or agreements between two or more users.

# International ID
Each user will receive an **International ID**:
- A **unique** and **immutable** identifier automatically generated by the platform.
- Instead of selecting a username, this ID will serve as the person's permanent identifier internationally on the platform.
- Users are **required** to use their real names.
- The platform is intended for **formal civil actions**, ensuring authenticity in interactions.
- The user's profile is not shown publicly unless he/she makes a public declaration or a public agreement.

# Public Declarations
- A formal statement made by an individual or entity to announce or document a significant action, decision, or event, which is intended to be accessible to the public, ensuring transparency and accountability. Examples include business name changes, property transfers, legal notifications, donation announcements, etc.

# Formal Agreements
- Formal agreements remain **private** unless **all parties agree** to make them public.
- Only those granted access by one of the parties will be able to view such agreements.
- Legal entities can provide **adhesion contracts** for customers, allowing them to sign these contracts electronically.

# Rules
- Users on InterId **cannot delete** any content. However, it can be altered, but the historic record will remain publicly available for consultation.
- The declarant may allow comments on their declarations, and users can optionally delete their own comments.

# Technologies To Be Used
- Frontend: React and Tailwind
- Backend: Django
- Database: SQLite
- Cloud Platform: AWS